MOCA-1546: OAuth 2.0 Integration Documentation (#3)
mocaverse/partner-widget: oauth2.md

# OAuth 2.0 Integration

This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Mocaverse using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).

## Steps

### 1. Application Registration

- Provide `redirect_uri` values to our team (e.g. https://your-app.example.com/callback)
- Obtain the client id and client secret from our team

### 2. User Authorization Request

> When performing authorization request, specify the following parameters

Reviewer: include the endpoint e.g. https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/auth

Reviewer: consider using a table for responses for all requests
| response | description |
|---|---|
| 200 | successful, etc etc |

```

If the user denies the authorization request, the user will be redirected to your `redirect_uri` containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW
```

Important: Validating the `state` if the value matches with the initial request during the User Authorization Request is strongly recommended.

### 5. Access Token Request

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_id`: must be the provided `client_id` from step 1
- `client_secret`: must be the provided `client_secret` from step 1
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### Response

```
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

Error Response:

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

## OAuth2 APIs

> 

Reviewer: include the endpoint here

### Partner User Registration

Purpose: link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.

```
* TLSv1.2 (OUT), TLS header, Supplemental data (23):
POST /api/partner/add-user HTTP/1.1
Host moca-id.mocaverse
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "partnerUserId": "partner_user_id",
  "partnerUserName": "partner_username"
}
```

#### Response

> If user registration is successful, or user is already registered:

Reviewer: table

# OAuth 2.0 Integration

This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Mocaverse using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).

## Steps

### 1. Application Registration

- Provide `redirect_uri` values to our team (e.g. https://your-app.example.com/callback)
- Obtain the client id and client secret from our team

### 2. User Authorization Request

When performing authorization request, specify the following parameters
- `response_type`: must be set to `code`
- `client_id`: client_id from step 1
- `redirect_uri`: One of the registered `redirect_uri` from step 1
- `state`: a random string generated by your app to prevent CSRF attacks

```html
<!--
Example Values:
- response_type: code
- client_id: b6084afa-e9ee-4eb4-8220-338be0c12374
- redirect_uri: https://your-app.example.com/callback
- state: v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
-->

<a href="https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/auth?response_type=code&client_id=b6084afa-e9ee-4eb4-8220-338be0c12374&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB">
  Login with Mocaverse
</a>
```

> 

Reviewer: Add section header error handling

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid client_id",
  "state": "dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM"
}
```

### 3. User Authorization

The user will be redirected to log in and authorize your app on Mocaverse's site.

### 4. Authorization Code Redirect Callback

If the user approves the authorization request, they will be redirected back to your `redirect_uri` containing a one-time use authorization `code` and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?code=602cbbe1-60dd-482f-b0d8-329f5f1254c7&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
```

If the user denies the authorization request, the user will be redirected to your `redirect_uri` containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW
```

Important: Validating the `state` if the value matches with the initial request during the User Authorization Request is strongly recommended.

### 5. Access Token Request

> #### Client Secret Authentication

Reviewer: You will update this section right? To use client secret

Author: Yes will update. Just finished coding the client_id, client_secret (bcrypt hashed).

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_id`: must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer`
- `client_secret`: send the private key related public key provided to Moca from Application Registration. PEM headers can be discarded.
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

> #### JWT Client Authentication

Reviewer: Not needed right

Author: Yes. But kept it as the code can still accommodate jwt client authentication. I'll update the headers, to make it more clear.

Build a JWT signed with the corresponding private key from partner registration with a body payload of the following:

```json
{
  "iss": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "sub": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "aud": "https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token",
  "exp": EXPIRATION_TIME
}
```

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_assertion_type`: must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer`
- `client_assertion`: refer to the JWT payload below
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### Response

```
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

Error Response:

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Add section header, OAuth2 APIs

## Partner User Registration

Purpose: link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.

```
* TLSv1.2 (OUT), TLS header, Supplemental data (23):
POST /api/partner/register-partner-user HTTP/1.1
Host ${points-api}
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "partnerUserId": "partner_user_id",
  "partnerUserName": "partner_username"
}
```

The response if user registration is successful, or user is already registered:

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "existingUser": "f1925118-2b20-435c-994c-9f7e5fb812c4"
}
```

> For error response:

Reviewer: Error handling

# OAuth 2.0 Integration

> This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Moca using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Mocaverse using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).
```

## Steps

### 1. Application Registration

> - Provide `redirect_uri` values to Moca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide `redirect_uri` values to our team (e.g. https://your-app.example.com/callback)
```

> - Provide a public key to Moca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Obtain the client id and client secret from our team
```

> - Obtain Partner UUID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 2. User Authorization Request

> TODO: In the "Login with Moca" button, specify the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing authorization request, specify the following parameters
```

- `response_type`: must be set to `code`

> - `client_id`: The obtained partner UUID from step 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `client_id`: client_id from step 1
```

- `redirect_uri`: One of the registered `redirect_uri` from step 1

> - `state`: Must be generated by partner for security measures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `state`: a random string generated by your app to prevent CSRF attacks
```

> If the `client_id` and `redirect_uri` parameters are correct, any errors that occur will be sent via HTTP 302 redirect to the specified `redirect_uri`.

Reviewer: did you mean incorrect?

Author: Yes, because if one of those (`client_id` and/or `redirect_uri`) are not valid, instead redirecting the error back to the specified `redirect_uri`, a json error payload will be returned. As we don't process invalid callback urls.

Reviewer: But you wrote 'correct' instead

Author: Yes - as the example below is a redirect - when client_id and redirect_uri params are correct, but has other errors (in the example wrong `response_type`).

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=unsupported_response_type&error_description=only+supports%3A+code&state=dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM
```

The one or both client_id and redirect_uri is wrong, is on #45.

```
# response_type: some_invalid_type
# redirect_uri: https://partner1.mocaverse.xyz/callback
# state: dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM

< HTTP/1.1 302 Found

> Found. Redirecting to https://partner1.mocaverse.xyz/callback?error=unsupported_response_type&error_description=only+supports%3A+code&state=dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=unsupported_response_type&error_description=only+supports%3A+code&state=dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM
```

```

If any of the `client_id` and `redirect_uri` are invalid, the error will be provided as a JSON payload as HTTP 400.

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid client_id",
  "state": "dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM"
}
```

#### Alternate Login Button (Development)

> For development stage purposes, this HTML anchor statement can be used for now.

Reviewer: put this entire example at the top (as the default implementation)

```html
<!--
Example Values:
- client_id: 8ae25d81-1d57-41a4-9af8-bd675d82dfc4

> - redirect_uri: https://partner1.mocaverse.xyz/callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- redirect_uri: https://your-app.example.com/callback
```

- state: v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
-->

> <a href="https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/auth?response_type=code&client_id=412969ec-0853-4558-a699-0549a15b5e64&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fpartner1.mocaverse.xyz%2Fcallback&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/auth?response_type=code&client_id=412969ec-0853-4558-a699-0549a15b5e64&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB">
```

>   Login with Moca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Login with Mocaverse
```

</a>
```

### 3. User Authorization

> The user will be redirected to the Moca authorization request page about what data the partner can access. If the user is not already logged in, they will first be directed to Moca's login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user will be redirected to log in and authorize your app on Mocaverse's site.
```

### 4. Authorization Code Redirect Callback

> If the user approves the authorization request, Moca will redirect the user back to your redirect URI containing a one-time use authorization `code` and the provided `state` from step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user approves the authorization request, they will be redirected back to your `redirect_uri` containing a one-time use authorization `code` and the provided `state` from step 2.
```

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found

> Found. Redirecting to https://reinieravila.com/callback?code=602cbbe1-60dd-482f-b0d8-329f5f1254c7&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?code=602cbbe1-60dd-482f-b0d8-329f5f1254c7&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
```

```

> If the user denies the authorization request, Moca will redirect the user back to your redirect URI containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user denies the authorization request, the user will be redirected to your `redirect_uri` containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.
```

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found

> Found. Redirecting to https://reinieravila.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW
```

- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### JWT Client Authentication

Build a JWT signed with the corresponding private key from partner registration with a body payload of the following:

```json
{
  "iss": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "sub": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "aud": "https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token",
  "exp": EXPIRATION_TIME
}
```

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_assertion_type`: must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer`
- `client_assertion`: refer to the JWT payload below
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### Response

```
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

Error Response:

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

## Partner User Registration

> To associate a user (partner side) to a Moca account, this API can be utilized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Purpose: link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.
```

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?code=602cbbe1-60dd-482f-b0d8-329f5f1254c7&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
```

If the user denies the authorization request, the user will be redirected to your `redirect_uri` containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
< HTTP/1.1 302 Found
Found. Redirecting to https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW
```

Important: Validating the `state` if the value matches with the initial request during the User Authorization Request is strongly recommended.

### 5. Access Token Request

#### Authencation Option 1: Client Secret

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_id`: must be the provided `client_id` from step 1
- `client_secret`: must be the provided `client_secret` from step 1
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

> #### Authencation Option 2: JWT Client Assertion

Reviewer: remove option 2

Build a JWT signed with the corresponding private key from partner registration with a body payload of the following:

```json
{
  "iss": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "sub": "<The provided partner UUID from partner registration>",
  "aud": "https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token",
  "exp": EXPIRATION_TIME
}
```

Request the `access_token` via `HTTP POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

- `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`
- `client_assertion_type`: must be `urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer`
- `client_assertion`: refer to the JWT payload below
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### Response

```
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

Error Response:

```
< HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

## OAuth2 APIs

### Partner User Registration

> Purpose: link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.
```

should also define the parameters, see https://github.com/mocaverse/partner-widget?tab=readme-ov-file#31-jwt-information

# OAuth 2.0 Integration

This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Mocaverse using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).

## Steps

### 1. Application Registration

- Provide `redirect_uri` values to our team (e.g. https://your-app.example.com/callback)
- Obtain the `client_id` and `client_secret` from our team

### 2. User Authorization Request

When performing authorization request, specify the following parameters

> - `response_type`: must be set to `code`

Reviewer: ideally use table format

- `client_id`: client_id from step 1
- `redirect_uri`: One of the registered `redirect_uri` from step 1
- `state`: a random string generated by your app to prevent CSRF attacks

```html
<!--
Example Values:
- response_type: code
- client_id: b6084afa-e9ee-4eb4-8220-338be0c12374
- redirect_uri: https://your-app.example.com/callback
- state: v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
-->

<a href="https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/auth?response_type=code&client_id=b6084afa-e9ee-4eb4-8220-338be0c12374&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB">
  Login with Mocaverse
</a>
```

#### Response

> | Response | Description                                                                     | Sample Return             |

Reviewer: `Sample Response` instead of `Sample Return` - same as all below

add a table describing each response field

|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|
| 302      | **Valid** `redirect_uri`. Errors are redirected to the provided `redirect_uri`. | (Refer to Sample 1 below) |
| 400      | **Invalid** `redirect_uri`. Errors are directly returned as json body payload.  | (Refer to Sample 2 below) |

**Note:** `redirect_uri` is only considered as valid, if the value used is registered under the corresponding `client_id` (Partner) used.

> 

Reviewer: Add "Examples" section

```

```
// Sample 2
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid client_id",
  "state": "dK6fRBNVY1HM2GQ4aBwM"
}
```

### 3. User Authorization

The user will be redirected to log in and authorize your app on Mocaverse's site.

### 4. Authorization Code Redirect Callback

If the user approves the authorization request, they will be redirected back to your `redirect_uri` containing a one-time use authorization `code` and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
https://your-app.example.com/callback?code=602cbbe1-60dd-482f-b0d8-329f5f1254c7&state=v6glrJn3gf3qL4rPFLBB
```

If the user denies the authorization request, the user will be redirected to your `redirect_uri` containing an `access_denied` error and the provided `state` from step 2.

```
https://your-app.example.com/callback?error=access_denied&state=E0BXkRkKnvqMiDdYC8MW
```

Important: Validating the `state` if the value matches with the initial request during the User Authorization Request is strongly recommended.

### 5. Access Token Request

#### Request

Request the `access_token` via `POST https://oauth.mocaverse.xyz/api/oauth/token` with the following `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` parameters:

> - `grant_type`: must be `authorization_code`

Reviewer: use a table instead

- `client_id`: must be the provided `client_id` from step 1
- `client_secret`: must be the provided `client_secret` from step 1
- `code`: the authorization code received from step 4
- `redirect_uri` must match the same value used during **Authorization Request**

#### Response

| Response | Description | Sample Return             |
|----------|-------------|---------------------------|
| 200      | Successful  | (Refer to Sample 1 below) |

> | 400      | Bad Request | (Refer to Sample 2 below) |

Reviewer: do we need to add 401? same as all below

> ```

Reviewer: add a table with description of each response field

// Sample 1
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

```
// Sample 2
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

## OAuth2 APIs

### Partner User Registration

Link a user id on your platform to a user in Mocaverse.

#### Request

```
POST https://api.moca-id.mocaverse.xyz/api/partner/add-user
```

Request Headers:

- `Authorization: Bearer <access_token>`
- `Content-Type: application/json`

Request Body Parameters:

- `partnerUserId`: ID of the user on your platform

> - `partnerUserName` (*Optional*): Username of the user on your platform

Reviewer: use the same description as partner widget:
partnerUserId: Their unqiue User ID in your system (e.g. 2c55dc7d-5715-4cb9-9801-f62498c02077)
partnerUserName: Their Display name in your system (e.g. gamertag123)

#### Response

| Response | Description                                           | Sample Return             |
|----------|-------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|
| 200      | Successfully registered or user is already registered | (Refer to Sample 1 below) |
| 400      | Bad Request                                           | (Refer to Sample 2 below) |

```
// Sample 1
{
  "existingUser": "f1925118-2b20-435c-994c-9f7e5fb812c4"
}
```

```
// Sample 2
{
  "error": "invalid_param",
  "message": "A different user ID has been linked to your Moca ID."
}
```

> ### User Mocaverse Realm ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### User Realm ID
```

> Getting the `realmId` of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting the `Realm ID` of a user.
```

#### Request

```
GET https://api.moca-id.mocaverse.xyz/api/partner/user
```

Request Headers:

- `Authorization: Bearer <access_token>`

#### Response

| Response | Description      | Sample Return              |
|----------|------------------|----------------------------|

> |   200    | Mocaverse RealId | { "realmId": "user.moca" } |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   200    | Realm Id if user is linked, null otherwise | `{ "realmId": "user.moca" }` or `{ "realmId": null }` |
```

### User Sales Eligibility

Getting sales eligibility info of a user.

#### Request

```
GET https://api.moca-id.mocaverse.xyz/api/partner/eligibility
```

Request Headers:

- `Authorization: Bearer <access_token>`

#### Response

| Response | Description      | Sample Return       |
|----------|------------------|---------------------|

> |   200    | Mocaverse RealId | (Refer to Sample 1) |

Reviewer: Description is incorrect

# OAuth 2.0 Integration

This document provides the steps for partners to integrate their applications to Mocaverse using OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code Flow).

## Steps

### 1. Application Registration

- Provide `redirect_uri` values to our team (e.g. https://your-app.example.com/callback)
- Obtain the `client_id` and `client_secret` from our team

### 2. User Authorization Request

> When performing authorization request, specify the following parameters

Reviewer: should specify the endpoint here

| 400      | **Invalid** `redirect_uri`. Errors are directly returned as json body payload.  | *(Refer to Response B below)* |

**Note:** `redirect_uri` is only considered as valid, if the value used is registered under the corresponding `client_id` (Partner) used.

> **Examples**
>
> `client_1` (`client_id`) has the following registered `redirect_uri`'s:
>   - https://your-app.example.com/callback1
>   - https://your-app.example.com/callback2
>
> The following are considered **valid**:
>   -  `client_id=client_1` and `redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback1`
>   -  `client_id=client_1` and `redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback2`
>
> The following are considered **invalid**:
>   -  `client_id=client_1` and `redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback3` (callback**3**)
>   -  `client_id=client_1` and `redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fgoogle.com`
>   -  `client_id=client_2` and `redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fyour-app.example.com%2Fcallback1` (wrong `client_id`)
>   -  *(Wrong `client_id` automatically means wrong `redirect_uri`.)*

> **Response A**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Response A (Successful)** 
```

| `code`          | the authorization code received from [step 4](#4-authorization-code-redirect-callback) |
| `redirect_uri`  | must match the same value used during [step 2](#2-user-authorization-request)          |

#### Response

| Response | Description | Sample Response               |
|----------|-------------|-------------------------------|
| 200      | Successful  | *(Refer to Response A below)* |
| 400      | Bad Request | *(Refer to Response B below)* |

**Response A**

```json
{
  "access_token": "...",
  "token_type": "bearer"
}
```

**Response B**

```json
{
  "error": "invalid_request",
  "error_description": "invalid auth code"
}
```

| Field               | Description                                      |
|---------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `access_token`      | JWT to be used for `Authorization: Bearer <JWT>` |
| `token_type`        | Type of token                                    |
| `error`             | [Error Code Reference](#oauth2-error-codes)      |
| `error_description` | Error details/summary                            |

* * *

## OAuth2 APIs

### Partner User Registration

> * * *

Reviewer: this line seems not neccesary?

    authorization server.

unsupported_response_type
    The authorization server does not support obtaining an
    authorization code using this method.

invalid_scope
    The requested scope is invalid, unknown, malformed, or
    exceeds the scope granted by the resource owner.

server_error
    The authorization server encountered an unexpected
    condition that prevented it from fulfilling the request.
    (This error code is needed because a 500 Internal Server
    Error HTTP status code cannot be returned to the client
    via an HTTP redirect.)

temporarily_unavailable
    The authorization server is currently unable to handle
    the request due to a temporary overloading or maintenance
    of the server.  (This error code is needed because a 503
    Service Unavailable HTTP status code cannot be returned
    to the client via an HTTP redirect.)
```

#### OAuth2 API Unauthorized Response: 401

```
{
  "error": "client_error",
  "message": "invalid signature" | "invalid token" | "No auth token"
}
```

| `message`         | Description                               |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | invalid signature | Signature of JWT is invalid               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| invalid signature | Signature of the auth token is invalid               |
```

> | invalid token     | JWT is malformed                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| invalid token     | Auth token is malformed                          |
```
